[docs] Add xDiT in section optimization (#9365)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/optimization/xdit.md

         num_inference_steps=input_config.num_inference_steps,
         output_type=input_config.output_type,
         generator=torch.Generator(device="cuda").manual_seed(input_config.seed),
     )

+    if input_config.output_type == "pil":
+        pipe.save("results", "stable_diffusion_3")

if __name__ == "__main__":
    main()

```

As you can see, we only need to use xFuserArgs from xDiT to get configuration parameters, and pass these parameters along with the pipeline object from the Diffusers library into xDiTParallel to complete the parallelization of a specific pipeline in Diffusers.

xDiT runtime parameters can be viewed in the command line using `-h`, and you can refer to this [usage](https://github.com/xdit-project/xDiT?tab=readme-ov-file#2-usage) example for more details.

xDiT needs to be launched using torchrun to support its multi-node, multi-GPU parallel capabilities. For example, the following command can be used for 8-GPU parallel inference:

```bash
torchrun --nproc_per_node=8 ./inference.py --model models/FLUX.1-dev --data_parallel_degree 2 --ulysses_degree 2 --ring_degree 2 --prompt "A snowy mountain" "A small dog" --num_inference_steps 50
```

> # Supported models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supported models
```

# xDiT

> xDiT is an inference engine designed for the parallel deployment of DiTs on large scale. xDiT provides a suite of efficient parallel approaches for Diffusion Models, as well as GPU kernel accelerations.

Reviewer: Sounds super cool! I think a few more sentences about xDiT would really help users get a clearer and better idea of what it does 

```suggestion
[xDiT](https://github.com/xdit-project/xDiT) is an inference engine designed for the large scale parallel deployment of Diffusion Transformers (DiTs). xDiT provides a suite of efficient parallel approaches for Diffusion Models, as well as GPU kernel accelerations.
```

<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img src="https://github.com/xdit-project/xDiT/raw/main/assets/methods/xdit_overview.png">
</div>
You can install xDiT using the following command:

```bash
pip install xfuser
```

> Here's an example of using xDiT to accelerate the inference of a diffusers model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example of using xDiT to accelerate inference of a Diffusers model.
```

 from xfuser.config import FlexibleArgumentParser
 from xfuser.core.distributed import get_world_group

 def main():
+    parser = FlexibleArgumentParser(description="xFuser Arguments")
+    args = xFuserArgs.add_cli_args(parser).parse_args()
+    engine_args = xFuserArgs.from_cli_args(args)
+    engine_config, input_config = engine_args.create_config()

     local_rank = get_world_group().local_rank
     pipe = StableDiffusion3Pipeline.from_pretrained(
         pretrained_model_name_or_path=engine_config.model_config.model,
         torch_dtype=torch.float16,
     ).to(f"cuda:{local_rank}")
    
# do anything you want with pipeline here

+    pipe = xDiTParallel(pipe, engine_config, input_config)

     pipe(
         height=input_config.height,
         width=input_config.height,
         prompt=input_config.prompt,
         num_inference_steps=input_config.num_inference_steps,
         output_type=input_config.output_type,
         generator=torch.Generator(device="cuda").manual_seed(input_config.seed),
     )

+    if input_config.output_type == "pil":
+        pipe.save("results", "stable_diffusion_3")

if __name__ == "__main__":
    main()

```

> As you can see, we only need to use xFuserArgs from xDiT to get configuration parameters, and pass these parameters along with the pipeline object from the diffusers library into xDiTParallel to complete the parallelization of a specific pipeline in diffusers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, we only need to use xFuserArgs from xDiT to get configuration parameters, and pass these parameters along with the pipeline object from the Diffusers library into xDiTParallel to complete the parallelization of a specific pipeline in Diffusers.
```

> xDiT runtime parameters can be viewed in the command line using -h, and detailed introductions can also be found on the [xDiT Github page](https://github.com/xdit-project/xDiT?tab=readme-ov-file#2-usage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xDiT runtime parameters can be viewed in the command line using `-h`, and you can refer to this [usage](https://github.com/xdit-project/xDiT?tab=readme-ov-file#2-usage) example for more details.
```

xDiT needs to be launched using torchrun to support its multi-node, multi-GPU parallel capabilities. For example, the following command can be used for 8-GPU parallel inference:

```bash
torchrun --nproc_per_node=8 ./inference.py --model models/FLUX.1-dev --data_parallel_degree 2 --ulysses_degree 2 --ring_degree 2 --prompt "A snowy mountain" "A small dog" --num_inference_steps 50
```

> # Supported Models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Supported models
```

> We have supported a subset of diffusers models in xDiT, including the most popular models such as Flux.1, Stable Diffusion 3, etc. The latest supported models can be found on https://github.com/xdit-project/xDiT?tab=readme-ov-file#-supported-dits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A subset of Diffusers models are supported in xDiT, such as Flux.1, Stable Diffusion 3, etc. The latest supported models can be found [here](https://github.com/xdit-project/xDiT?tab=readme-ov-file#-supported-dits).
```

> # Benchmark
> 
> We tested different models on various machines. Here is some of the data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Benchmark

We tested different models on various machines, and here is some of the benchmark data.
```

> ## Flux.1-schnell

Reviewer: The other model headers should also be 3rd level

```suggestion
### Flux.1-schnell
```

> * Flux.1-schnell with 4 steps on 8 * L40

Reviewer: These can be removed since they're already labeled on the graphs.

```suggestion
```

</div>

## Stable Diffusion 3
* Stable Diffusion 3 with 20 steps on 8 * L40
<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img src="https://github.com/xdit-project/xDiT/raw/main/assets/performance/sd3/L40-SD3.png">
</div>

* Stable Diffusion 3 with 20 steps on 8 * A100
<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img src="https://github.com/xdit-project/xDiT/raw/main/assets/performance/sd3/A100-SD3.png">
</div>

## HunyuanDiT
* HunyuanDiT with 20 steps on 8 * L40
<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img src="https://github.com/xdit-project/xDiT/raw/main/assets/performance/hunuyuandit/L40-HunyuanDiT.png">
</div>

* HunyuanDiT with 50 steps on 8 * A100
<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img src="https://github.com/xdit-project/xDiT/raw/main/assets/performance/hunuyuandit/A100-HunyuanDiT.png">
</div>

* HunyuanDiT with 50 steps on 4 * T4
<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img src="https://github.com/xdit-project/xDiT/raw/main/assets/performance/hunuyuandit/T4-HunyuanDiT.png">
</div>

More detailed performance metric can be found on our [github page](https://github.com/xdit-project/xDiT?tab=readme-ov-file#perf).

> # Reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reference
```

Reviewer: Remember to address this comment as well @Eigensystem!
